Updated RC support for AWS Fargate (#2)
bawsome/RCenabledonagentbydefault: content/en/agent/remote_config/_index.md

## Supported environments

> Remote Configuration works in environments where the Datadog Agent is deployed. Remote Configuration is supported for a Serverless Container cloud service such as AWS Fargate. Remote Configuration does not support Serverless Container Managed Apps (AWS App Runner, Azure Container Apps, Google Cloud Run) and Functions deployed with Container Packaging (AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Google Cloud Functions)
> .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote Configuration works in environments where the Datadog Agent is deployed. Remote Configuration supports serverless container cloud services such as AWS Fargate. Remote Configuration does not support serverless container managed apps (AWS App Runner, Azure Container Apps, Google Cloud Run) and functions deployed with container packaging (AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Google Cloud Functions).
```
